KingVan Technology presents our high-performance laser marking machine,
specially designed for thermal break strips used in aluminum windows and doors.
Compared with manual marking, our machine is much faster
and requires only one person to operate,
effectively saving labor costs
while greatly improving overall working efficiency.
It supports double-sided marking on both front and back surfaces,
with a maximum processing capacity of up to 1 ton of thermal strips per hour.
The marking effect is clear, beautiful, and highly precise.
What's more, laser marking requires no consumables at all,
greatly reducing your long-term operating expenses.
And we back every machine with a lifetime warranty,
giving you complete peace of mind.
Choose KingVan for a smarter, more efficient, and more reliable thermal strip marking solution.